Update external-email-forwarding.md (#3259)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/external-email-forwarding.md

- Disabling automatic forwarding will also disable Inbox rules that redirect messages to external addresses.

> - Disabling automatic forwarding will also disable forwarding performed by administrators through EAC or powershell to external addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Disabling automatic forwarding will also disable forwarding performed by administrators through the Exchange admin center or PowerShell to external addresses.
```
